Feature/membership card content (#760)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/nss-membership-card.mdx

      </TabItem>
      <TabItem label="with scheme">
      </TabItem>
    </Tabs>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Guidance

:::do

- Use within a membership area.
- Choose from the available colours for a membership card.
- Use illustrations or images.
- Carefully consider content and how it will display across different viewports.

:::

:::dont

- Use excessively long content.
- Try to use additional colours that are not part of the membership scheming.
- Repetitively use images on adjacant cards as it harms the recognition factor.

:::

### Standard

![Labelled diagram of nss-membership-card](@assets/components/nss-membership-card/guidance.webp)

#### Key

| Key | Field type | Guidelines |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| <span class="marker">A</span> | Image | An image can take the form of an photo, brand illustration or animated illustration etc. |
| <span class="marker">B</span> | Price | Utilises ns-price component and associated content. |
| <span class="marker">C</span> | Heading | Descriptive, concise, H2 by default but adhere to semantic HTML. |
| <span class="marker">D</span> | Paragraph | A concise description of the membership discount or benefit. |

> | <span class="marker">E</span> | CTA | Call to action. Direct or Text types. |

Reviewer: Suggest using our default description for the CTA.

It maybe sensible to mention to exclude the use of the `text` type (in the Don'ts) as this can result in looking odd in association with centered content.
```suggestion
| <span class="marker">E</span> | CTA | Keep the text short, relevant, and actionable. It should not exceed 24 characters. |
```

> | <span class="marker">F</span> | `Navy` Scheme | An optional choice of colour scheme for a contrasting effect. |
> | <span class="marker">G</span> | `Membership` Scheme | The default colour scheme for the ns-membership-card. |

Reviewer: Suggest to remove these as the details are in the specification and the Examples will demonstrate the use of the the scheme.

If it's necessary to include information about the `scheme` then I feel it'd be sensible to add to the individual tabs in Examples for both schemes.

```suggestion
```
